All right. So, we're going to read you this prophetic word from brother Hagin from 1997.
Yes, it's July 1997. So, that's how we'll start this. I thought this word is really important that was given.
Can you tell them about the title? Can you change the title, son?
We're not praying for the fourth anymore. We had victory over that, didn't we?
Praise God. Isn't it exciting as we come together and we pray, we see our prayer works. Thanks, B. Okay. So, let me get that.
You can go ahead and just read that prophetic word and then let's play that Jimmy Swaggart prophetic word that he said.
And I just thought that was amazing, too. That was sent today.
So, go ahead. Can they hear? Let me know. I'll talk louder. You talk as loud as you can, baby.
It's like I need a mic, but he doesn't. I'm sorry. I'll try really hard to make my voice carry.
Okay. So, this was July 1997 and it says that which I said unto you shall come to pass.
There is a time promised, but they don't necessarily happen overnight.
He's coming again. 2,000 years have passed. He's coming now. It is time. It shall come to pass.
Those secrets that you have prayed about with the Father in tongues we have spoken to God.
Secrets, mysteries, these things shall come to pass. That which we have prayed through into manifestation they shall come.
This is the day, the hour, the time. Now at this time there shall be a greater spirit of seeing and knowing.
Revelation, gifts of the Spirit, words of wisdom, words of knowledge, discerning of spirits.
You have seen a little, not just shortly, but now, come to pass.
This shall bring us into a place of great faith. The gift of faith shall be in manifestation.
No one has ever seen the measure it will be manifested in these days.
The working of miracles and the full orbit shall come. It shall come to pass this year.
It shall come to pass at last. That which has hindered shall be taken out of the way.
The last vestige shall be removed. And it shall come. What is this I see shining so bright coming from heaven.
Awesome. You shall want to weep yet shout, cry, yet laugh. I see it coming nearer and nearer. Blinding light.
The fall of this year, October, as the people walk in the light of what they have, the rest shall come to pass. Amen. So exciting.
You know, whenever you're looking over, and I told her, I said, 'Isn't it amazing?'I said, 'When you look over, it looks like it's right in front of you.'And I'm telling you, I believe some of these words are starting to come to pass this year.
Whenever you're looking over, you're thinking it's coming right then in 1997.
And I don't see the full manifestation of that word like I do now.
You're starting to see things like the ball rolling even more in 2025. Yeah.
And I'm telling you, I believe, I just feel it in my spirit, we're on the verge.
The Lord told me, he said—and I'll be careful with this—he was talking to me even in my prayer time today.
He said, 'Brandon, I've already told you you're at the point of no return concerning my coming.'There are prayers and where we are in the revival and the demonstrations of the manifestations of the glory.
Folks, we're about to see some of the things we've always dreamed we would see.
And you say, 'Oh, I've heard that before.'No, I'm telling you, the Lord told me, he was even talking about the financial outpouring and the shifting in the spirit concerning the wealth of the sinner laid up for the righteous.
It's going to take billions of dollars for this financial harvest.
It's going to take a major transfer of the wealth of the wicked for whatever we may need.
You know, you're looking at churches for supplies or whatever.
I don't know what your church may need, you know, just payments in general.
A lot of churches have a lot of debt. There's a lot of debt in it.
So, I'm just saying the Lord was showing me, he said, 'Brandon, that window of opportunity to get the preparation window to line yourself up with what I've said by keeping vertical, keeping your eyes on me, that window is about to close and then you're going to start to see the fruit.'He said, 'The fruit is at your door of everything that I have in store for you, the great breakthroughs.'And I was praying into that, praying over this judge, Torres.
Torres. Thank you, son. Judge Torres. And I keep, every time I'm praying in the spirit, I don't ever have to think about her name.
I'm just praying in the spirit, so it doesn't matter. But I know who I'm focusing on, and praying over Judge Torres and asking the Father to intervene for hearts.
You know, we're praying over hardened hearts, hardened hearts that are liberal. Yeah.
Liberal hearts that are being instructed by liberal people because they are their puppets.
And so the Lord was showing me, he said, 'We must pray into this, praying over the hearts of these judges.'Remember I warned you all that I saw three more judges going into President Trump's term going into the next three or so years.
I saw other judges trying to be a hindrance and the Lord said, 'You must pray.'And then he talked to me about the midterms and praying over our midterms, praying over that we'd have great victory in that, that 2026 would try to be a fix.
They would try to fix things. Well, we see Elon saying, 'I'm going to create a new American party.
The people that don't like the Democrats, the people that don't like the Republicans, we're just going to create a third party.
It's not going to be independent. It's going to be their own thing, right?'It's pulling from conservatives.
It'd be pulling from not from the Democrats. They're not going to line up with Elon.
So, you're automatically going to try to split the vote if you create a third party of confusion.
Well, it's not the Republican, it's not this. So, that's what the Lord was showing me going into midterms, praying over this.
He said, 'There's a disruption here.'And I couldn't figure out what the Lord was saying to me.
He said, 'You must pray even over Oklahoma for it will try to be divided.'And I was thinking, 'What is all that?'But I saw Texas standing strong and I saw an outline even with the Second Amendment and things coming with the Second Amendment, and the Lord showing me mass shootings and them trying to—it was trying to influence taking away the Second Amendment because it was one of the major hurdles that they'll have to cross because of trying to bring in a new police state for the antichrist system.
Because it's all leading towards the antichrist system, regardless if we see this new BBB and all these things and everybody's excited about.
It's all leading to the end. It's a shot of adrenaline in the arm.
It's all the things the Lord showed me, but it's for a window.
Some of these bills only go until 2028. They don't even go past that really. I mean, some of them do.
I mean, you know, as far as what the taxes and the things that I was hearing about. And I was thinking, 'Isn't that interesting?
It's the window.'The Lord said, 'I'm giving you a window.'As of October of last year, he said, 'My people have prayed and there was a great financial crash coming and you're going to see the birthing pains of this.'He said, 'Brandon, I'm giving you a window of opportunity because the people, if my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and turn from their wicked ways.'He said, 'Brandon, I'm giving you a window.
What will you do with this window of opportunity right now?'And we can see the things happening all around, major elections going really liberal with South Korea and repeatedly, you know, with Canada and all these other things, right?
But we have the balance of America praying over our president, praying over this window of opportunity for our nation to rise up and have a major revival.
But I'm telling you, I believe with all my heart, God said for a remnant of people, if you will just seek his face, he'll tell you the secret things.
The fountain, you know, like Diana, she—the fountain in the deep, the secret things in the deep that God's going to give us that window of opportunity because it's going to take money to get this done.
And most people, they don't want to talk about it. You know, money is a big deal in the church. People don't want to talk about it.
It's like the thing that everybody tried to tiptoe around and then because of the prosperity movement, everybody was, you know, it got really out there, and that's what happened with the church.
It got a bad taste in its mouth, and so every time you bring up money now, everybody goes, 'the money,'and I'm like, 'Hold on.
It takes money to get the job done regardless of, you know, you don't want to talk about—people get upset about it, but it's a serious thing.'Seedtime and harvest doesn't cease.
Whatsoever a man sows, that will he also reap. And the Lord keeps talking to me.
He said, 'some thirty, some sixty, a hundredfold.'Either you believe it or you don't.
And I said, 'I believe it.'I believe that the wealth of the sinner is laid up for the righteous, that whatever I put my hands to will prosper, and that, Father, I thank you that we're vessels in these last days to do something big for you.
Regardless of what's going on around us, regardless of what we see and hear on the news, Father, I thank you, Lord, that we're the salt and we stand out in these last days.
The people see us and go, 'There's something different about you.'I told Diana, I said, 'It's the countenance.
When you look at them, they look like they're tired and they're worn out and they don't have hope, but we should have that hope, that blessed hope, the blessed assurance: Jesus is mine!
Oh, what a foretaste of glory divine!'I believe that we should be even louder in these last days.
We were so excited about our brothers and sisters in Iran. They said seventy thousand on CBN.
Was it CBN? CBN. Okay. Somebody sent it to us. We get all kinds of really cool stuff now.
People send us things in email, and they said over seventy thousand mosques have closed. Yeah.
And a revival is breaking out in the underground church in Iran just like the Lord was showing me.
And he said, 'Brandon, I'm going to visit in a major way over Iran.
And as you see what's happened with all this Israel stuff and all this going on over there,'he said, 'it's shaking the government.
It's loosening the grip for a window.'And that's what he told me. He said, 'Pray for the revival.
Pray for a major harvest of souls in Iran and going into North Korea.'Yes. And then Donne Clement, she sent a thing.
She said, 'My dad gave a word about North Korea and Iran butting heads.'I have it on my phone.
I guess I could play it. Butting heads. You want to see it? Okay, I'll send it to you.
She sent it to me and she said, 'Look at this word my dad gave.'And I had no idea he gave it. This is amazing.
You know, I try very hard not to listen to other prophetic voices and what they're saying because I don't want them influencing the words that God gives me.
I want it to be pure. You know, we don't need parrots; we need voices.
And there's a lot of parroting, and I don't want to be a parrot.
We want to be a pure voice that God speaks through in these last days and is able to get a clear message to his people.
Here, hun. I don't know if you're going to be able to play it. Let me hear it. You can hear it. Can y'all hear it if I play it?
'Iran shall get an idea and they shall say, "Let us blast and destroy the God that they worship or the place that they worship."And when they do that, they shall get another idea.
"Let us turn towards the United States of America. Shall we destroy them?
Shall we blow them up?"But God said, "Because of my saints and because of the saints of the most high God, they shall not.
For suddenly North Korea shall rise up and they shall begin to get angry with Iran and there shall be a fight that shall go on between North Korea and Iran."And God said, "They shall begin to implode from within.
Therefore, hear me today, from this day, I am speaking,"says the Lord, "you shall be kept safe because of me,"says the spirit of God.'Did you hear that?
It is just amazing because whenever the Lord had me interceding, we hear in part and we see in part.
Could everybody hear that? Yeah, they said they could. Okay. So, it's about North Korea and Iran again.
And the Lord was showing me a major revival about to break out in North Korea.
He said, 'I've not forgotten my Asian people, and I'm bringing down the Iron Curtain, and there's going to be a major harvest of souls throughout Asia.'And he said, 'I saw healings beyond—I'm talking major healings that are about to take place, demonstration.
I'm talking stuff that is in the Bible, like major stuff like parting of the Red Sea.'You know, the Lord told me, he said, 'I'm going to show up, and I'm going to show up in the Asian nations.'And I'm telling you all, when I heard that word, because Donnie sent that to me, and I said, 'Oh my goodness.'And by the way, I'm going on their show on Sunday.
They invited Diana and me to speak over there, and I don't do collabs. I don't. I just don't like that stuff.
But she invited us and she said, 'You pray about it.'Well, I feel peace.
And I told Diana, I said, 'I'll go over there and talk and pray or whatever they want to do'and share what the Lord's put on my heart, if you all want to come over there and support it.
I believe it's on Sunday. I'm going to go live with them on their channel for the first time, like I said.
And I do not do collabs or go on TV or anything. I just stick to us.
But I just felt—I love those people. Yeah, they're good people.
They have good hearts, and they're trying hard and bringing her father's old words out there. And I'm telling you, she has a call.
It's amazing what God is doing with that ministry there, Kim Clement, still even with his passing and bringing these old words out.
So, we want to honor them. They're a good family. So, but that was another thing.
Oh, and then I wanted to show you this word from Jimmy Swaggart.
Do you want to—can you play that? Yeah. Okay. Now, listen to this.
He passes forty years to the day of this word. In the morning, he passes away.
And he said it was around sevenish that he had this word forty years prior.
It was July. He had the word July 1st at around seven o'clock. He said it was around seven a.m. in the morning in 1985.
So, it's exactly forty years later that he passed to the hour. Yeah. Isn't that amazing? Wow.
So, we're going to play that word because I just think it's—oh, you know, it's like Sister Billy always says, 'Oh, what a plan.
Oh, what a planner. Nothing is by coincidence. Look at how God is speaking.'And I believe that's where we are right now, another word talking about the harvest.
So, can you play that, son? Yes. Okay. Maybe. Yeah. Maybe. Oh, there it goes.
We can see it. Can you hear it? Can't. It's not Jul. 'That Monday morning at about 7 a.m., I went as I always did then.
Now I come to the office before I go to the television studio to spend some time with the Lord. I do that every morning. Then I would get in my car and drive.
There's a railroad track about a half mile from our house, and it was a place of privacy, and I would park there and read my Bible and then walk down that track praying, seeking the Lord.'That's what I would do every morning.
And that morning, July the 1st, 1985, that Monday morning at about 7 a.m., as I studied the word of God for a period of time, and then got out and walked down the track, all of a sudden, all around me, as far as I could see, were fields of cotton.
I was raised in northeast Louisiana and I know what cotton is.
I have chopped cotton. I've picked cotton, so I know what it is.
And as I saw these fields of cotton go over the horizon in every direction, every stalk was heavy laden.
There wasn't a green leaf on a stalk because it was all taken up with cotton.
And that means a tremendous harvest. A tremendous harvest.
And I saw it in every direction. And I wondered when the vision was over, for it was a vision.
I wondered because preachers normally use a wheat field to describe the harvest, but it was fields of cotton.
But then I remembered the word that John wrote, "The fields are white unto harvest and the laborers are few."Think about that.
The fields are white unto harvest. And I looked in every direction: north, south, east, and west.
As far over the horizon as I could see, it was nothing but fields of cotton. I saw in the distance a couple of mechanical pickers.
And then I saw to my left, which was the east, the most horrendous storm that was boiling up.
The clouds were blacker than I'd ever seen in my life. The jagged forks of lightning were cutting across.
And I knew if this harvest was not gathered, it was going to be destroyed.
That storm, which I look back now and know was the great tribulation that's coming on this world, will destroy if it's not gathered.
And then, for the first time, the Lord spoke to me in that vision and said, "I have called others for localities around the world, but I have called this ministry alone for the entirety of the world."I want to say that again.
And I wouldn't say it for a long time because I thought it sounded self-serving, but I felt the Lord told me, "Yes, say it."He said, "I have called particular ministries for localities in certain parts of the world, but I have called this ministry alone for the entirety of the planet."Now, in a sense, every believer is called for the entirety of the world.
But God has called this ministry to lead the way—to lead the way, the thousands and thousands of you who support this work. Well, that was basically the prophetic word on that one.
But I want you to go back with me to whenever I told you I was in the spirit, and every single time I see towards the east, I see there's a storm.
It looks like this: it's a massive hurricane, and every single time the Lord tells me, "Brandon, this is the spirit of the antichrist."And every single time, it's always toward the east whenever I'm looking in the spirit and I can see it.
And he said, "Brandon, the last time I saw it, I could see and feel the raindrops coming.
I could feel the raindrops of it."He said, "It's no longer on the distant shore.
It's here. It's here. The end of the end is here."And the rain was coming down from this storm. It was just starting to come.
The first bands were just starting to come upon the shore on the eastern seaside seaboard, right? The seashore. And it was coming. It was coming.
I could see it, and the Lord told me, "You don't realize how close I am to my Son's return."People, you know, it's like I told Pastor Chip, I said, "You know, a lot of people, we've become so desensitized because we've heard it so much all throughout our life."Well, grandma said it, her grandma said it, and everybody's always said it, and we all thought—I heard her say, "We all thought Hitler was the Antichrist when he was doing the genocide against the Jews and all the things that were going on, Brandon, and now you're saying you believe we're that generation."I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen, I believe with all my heart—you can't convince me otherwise—that we are in the last of the last days.
We're about to see a peace agreement struck with Israel. We're going to see the negotiation for the third temple.
We're going to see all—I'm telling you, we're about to see some things you never dreamed you would see.
And it's going to be Bible prophecy unfolding right in front of your face.
It's time to get right with Jesus. It's time to get your heart right with the Lord. The harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
And the Lord told me, "The true harvesters, the ones that are sold out to Him, the ones that are craving Him, the ones that are saying, 'I need Jesus.
I need all of Jesus and none of me. I need a touch from the Father every single day.'"He told me, "Brandon, in the days ahead, you must drink from the river of life every day.
Get in the word. You must not forsake one day of coming before me and having prayer and communion with me.
This has to become a staple in your life every day.""Well, I forgot today.
I was really busy, Father."No, no, no, no. There are no excuses.
It's a time like never before that we seek Him and come to Him every day with thanksgiving, praise, and communion, sitting at His feet. He said, "You must remain hydrated.
You must drink, drink, drink, and remain hydrated with the living water—His word, prayer, thanksgiving, and worship.""Father, You're so good to us.
Father, You're so good to me."He showed me a beautiful thing of where we are.
And He told me, "A lot of my healing ministers that have walked in the supernatural of old, John G.
Lake, the Smith Wigglesworths, the Kathryn Kuhlman's, the whoever, just name them all off—I mean, the tent revivals of old"—He said, "If you wondered why some of these people got off and their lives were shortened, they didn't live full lives."So I go back and study when the Lord tells me something.
I go Google this because you want to know, "Am I hearing right?"I test everything because I don't want to be flaky, and I know I'm just human like everybody else, and we can miss it.
And you want to make sure you're always keeping yourself—it's like going for a spiritual tuneup every day.
Making sure that you're hearing right and keeping the cobwebs out of your ears because we have a vessel that is not pure, where a pure message is coming from an imperfect person.
And we've got to keep those spiritual antennas upright and make sure we're tuned in. Fine focus. Well, okay.
I looked at every single one of these ministries, and very few lived past 70 years old.
And the Lord was showing me there's a reason. He showed me a scale, and word and spirit must match.
If you get too much spirit, you float away. And He said, "There's a snare in this, for it's the shiny thing. It's what everybody's attracted to—the celebrity side.
The supernatural, when you see it, it's the celebrity side because people are attracted to the supernatural."But He said, "You must remain word and spirit in these last days.
For what I'm about to do through you, you must remain word and spirit, and they must equal at all times.
One cannot be heavier than the other."He said, "Remain in the word, and remain drinking of the Spirit's flow."And I saw the most beautiful signs and wonders, and people get so excited about it.
He said that where they get off is they got too much spirit, and they floated away and didn't have the word to ground them. Thank you. Yeah.
And it was a word that He gave me yesterday as I was outside praying, and He stopped and said, "Some things are going to change for us.
As you remain faithful with little, He watches to see if you are able to handle the more."And as you're faithful with little, he'll give you more.
But if you don't handle and pass the test on the refiner's fire, you're not qualified to go higher and higher.
You must remain on the potter's wheel and allow him to change you from glory to glory.
But if you are not pliable like the clay that has become hard each day, you must remain pliable.
And when God puts his hand on you, he'll change you from glory to glory.
And it's not all comfortable. The press is not comfortable.
Being in the refiner's fire is not comfortable, but it's required to go higher and higher.
And the Lord was showing me there's a lot of times we go through things and you don't even realize you're being tested.
And he's watching the heart of how you handle your day-to-day life.
I was at church on Sunday and we have a lot of amazing prayer people at our church and this elderly man, he's in his 80s and he caught me coming out of the restroom and he said, "Man,"I said, "How are you doing today, sir?
I'm not doing that good."I said, "Well, I'm sorry to hear that.
What's going on with you?"He goes, "Oh, I've prayed to be like those people on the platform my whole life and I want to be like that, hearing and talking in tongues and doing all what they do, and I'm 80 years old and I've never had any of it."And the Holy Spirit spoke to me.
He said, "Tell him this."I said, "Sir, they're a flash in the pan.
And it's fun to watch a flash in a pan, but it's just for that moment, the flash in the pan, right?
But the Lord tells me you are salt."And many of you watching this think, "Oh, well, you walk in the spirit.
You're hearing all these things, and I don't function in those gifts like that."But you're the salt of the soup.
You might be the broth, you might be the seasoning, but without that seasoning, the soup doesn't taste very good.
And everybody brings their supply in ministry. Everybody brings their supply in church.
No matter if you feel that you are a flash in the pan that everybody's looking at for that moment, you bring a vital piece of the puzzle.
Regardless of how important you feel like you are, without the salt to the soup, without the garlic, the soup would not taste how you would want it to. It tastes like trash.
But when you bring your spice, no matter how important you feel your spice is, no matter how important your piece of that soup is, whenever you bring it, you bring flavor.
And he looked at me and I don't know if it helped him or not, but it helped me because it came right out of the throne.
And I thought, "Well, I'll be, Lord. I really appreciate that."Because I was thinking, isn't that interesting? The way he puts things is so beautiful.
But I thought it would maybe bless somebody here tonight because the way the Lord said it to me, I said, "Lord, somebody's the salt, somebody's the garlic, somebody might be the pepper, somebody might be the carrots, but all of us together bringing our supply makes a beautiful soup and everybody wants to be the flash in the pan at the beginning and they're going, 'Whoa, what's going on?'But a flash in the pan only lasts that much.
But if you're seasoned and you're 80 years old and you bring in that salt, you don't realize how important you are to the ingredients of that soup."That's what the Lord was trying to say.
Did they get that? I just thought that was so beautiful. So I'm just trying to tell you, don't look at yourself as small.
Don't look at what you bring to the body of Christ as small. Every person brings a vital piece to the soup.
And it's so important that you look at yourself as something in these last days.
Regardless of how you feel that, "Oh, I might not be noticed on the stage like these others,"yet you're faithful with the piece that you bring. And what you bring is vital to that soup.
And I just thought it was important that I tell you that today because it ministered to me so much when the Holy Spirit was just loving on that man 80 years old.
And I thought every person is vital in bringing what they need to bring to Jesus, regardless of whether you think, "I'm a flash in the pan"or not.
So that was important. And I wanted to tell you about this other part right here. Okay.
Now this was sent to me from somebody else and this is Charles Hoskinson, I believe his name is.
He is the founder of Cardano. He's a crypto founder. He's the one that created the software, all of it, right? He's the guy that created it.
Now, he was on this man's show, and I don't know who this man is, but he was on this show, and they sent this to me to tell me, "Brandon, this is what you saw.""One of our subscribers sent it to us.
Thank you."So look at this video about taking this, Braden, can you play that for them because it lines up with what the Holy Spirit warned us about, about what's coming next.
"Yes, you got it."Okay, play it, and play it loud, and you might play it twice so they can hear it twice. "We can't show these pictures yet.
You could take human skin cells and merge them with octopus DNA, and then you know octopus can actually change its color.
So you can make a human skin cell be able to change its color and camouflage itself, kind of like the predator or something like that.
Or you can take luciferase, in this case, and put it into any plant you want, and you could make a plant glow in the dark.
Let's say you have a shooting range. What's your number one problem? You're going to accumulate a lot of lead over time, right?
And so what if you had plants that seeped it right out of the soil so it doesn't get into the water?
You had mentioned some early detection systems that these plants could be used.
Yeah, sentinel plants. And so imagine you're a coal miner. What's your number one problem?
You're worried about methane cuz it naturally leeches off the walls and you don't smell it. It's a silent killer. It explodes.
So imagine a plant, cave moss or something, and it doesn't glow unless there's methane, and when it does, it glows red.
Called a sentinel plant, right? And you can use this for military applications, for industrial applications, for environmental applications.
It's just magic. We can't show these pictures yet. You could take human skin cells and merge them with octopus DNA, and then you know octopus can actually change its color.
So you can make a human skin cell be able to change its color and camouflage itself, kind of like the predator or something like that.
Or you can take luciferase, in this case, and put it into any plant you want, and you could make a plant glow in the dark.
Let's say you have a shooting range. What's your number one problem? You're going to accumulate a lot of lead over time, right?
And so what if you had plants that seeped it right out of the soil so it doesn't get into the water?
You had mentioned some early detection systems that these plants could be used.
Yeah, sentinel plants. And so imagine you're a coal miner. What's your number one problem?
You're worried about methane cuz it naturally leeches off the walls and you don't smell it.
It's a silent killer. It explodes. So imagine cave moss or something.
It doesn't glow unless there's methane, and when it does, it glows red. Called a sentinel plant, right?
And you can use this for military applications, for industrial applications, for environmental applications.
It's just magic. We can't show these pictures yet. You can take human skin cells..."So do you see what they're doing? That's what I tried to tell you all.
And I said, "Man, Lord, what great confirmation."When I heard that, I told Braden, I go, "You can't get any clearer than that.
That's exactly what the Lord said."He said, "There's a time to reap and there's a time to sow."There's a time to live and there's a time to die.
And what they're doing, Brandon, is messing with things they don't need to be messing with. He said, "Because it's just like the Tower of Babel.
The knowledge is increasing, and there are no boundaries of what they're going to be able to achieve with AI and the demonic, and the portals, and all the things that I'm seeing with dark matter, crossing over into this darkness and getting things in another dimension, demonic stuff.
What they're doing is tapping into the satanic realm with AI technology.
So people are asking, 'How are they doing this?'Well, they're tapping into the demonic like witchcraft.
That's what they're doing. They're tapping into it, and demonic spirits are talking to them. So they're playing with fire.
And the Lord showed me, as these demonic technological advancements in the days ahead with AI—this new industrial revolution that He keeps calling it, a new birthing of all these things—He said, 'You're going to see things you never dreamed you would see.'Well, this is another thing that the man who is over Cardano is doing.
I said, 'Dear God, I'm telling you all.'I saw laboratories, and when I saw that, I just said, 'Folks, it's happening.
It's happening.'And the Lord told me, and I'll butcher the word Nephilim, this is about distorting what God made perfect.
We're made in His image. And He says, as they try to add to and take away from genetics, they tried to alter what I called perfect.
It is perfect. You know, when He saw that it was perfect, He rested.
Everything He set out to do, on the seventh day He rested. He looked at it, and it was good. Everything He did, His creation is perfect.
You don't need to add to it through AI technology, saying, 'Well, we're going to put an octopus in you.'And that's why I said I saw—am I crowding you, baby?
Oh, no, I'm just—I saw a tortoise heart, how to take DNA from a turtle and make the fountain of youth out of it.
Because they were trying to figure out how does a turtle live for so long, and they were doing AI with that.
And then, how did these men in the Bible live for so long? They're trying to figure it out because we were never made to die.
God made us to live forever like Adam and Eve, but Adam and Eve sinned, and they fell, and it made us unable to live forever, right?
But God designed our cells to renew every 90 days. Yep, 90 days. And so, every three months, right?
Yeah, and so those cells are renewed, and God designed us to live.
And so it's amazing when we get our glorified bodies, ladies and gentlemen.
Things are going to be amazing. Yeah, I'm going to have hair, and I'm excited rightfully.
I mean, seriously, I haven't had hair in a long time, but I'm just like, 'Okay, maybe I won't have as much hair as you, but I want to look good.'Well, that's what we had for you on this part of the video.
If you want to pray with us now, we can. I just thought we'd pray, but I wanted to show you some of these things that we're getting from some of the people.
And I thought it was kind of fun to talk about some of this stuff because I thought, look what's happening.
And the part about North Korea, I got that word from Donna, and she was showing me what her dad said, and I just went, 'My goodness, folks.
My goodness, it's pretty amazing, isn't it? Yeah, just where we are.
Amazing.'So, are they still with us? What's up? Was there anything else?
I think that was about it, right? Yeah, and you had Mark Zuckerberg.
He had a bunker. Yeah, Mark Zuckerberg making his bunker in Hawaii.
It's just a little thing on that video somebody sent me. I said a hundred million dollar bunker is not a little thing.
Yeah, Frankly, it's just a little thing here. I'm like, 'No, 'cause the Lord showed me.'He said, 'They know what's coming.
People know what's coming, and they're trying to prepare because they don't want to go through it.'And the Lord was showing me, and that's when He was talking to me about the cows, and praying over the cows, and then the weather modification, changing things.
And I saw super storms coming, and them trying to control. The Lord said, 'In trying to control the weather, they will lose control.
They will lose control.'That was what the Lord said. And then Pastor Paul Begley, he had a thing on there, and Israel Is Real is his daily.
He sent me a thing and he said, he goes, 'This is what is being said about this asteroid coming, this massive asteroid.'And they're all thinking this is the Nibiru Planet X thing.
And I'm just like, 'Folks, it's all happening just like the Lord said.'An acceleration of things.
Birthing pains are coming on each other like labor pains upon a woman.
They're happening simultaneously. They're not letting up.
We're having something happening almost every week, every day.
You're going, 'My goodness, look at what's happening so quickly.'It's not like when we would hear about things before, like an earthquake or a storm, or maybe something like what we had happen down in Texas.
That might be something that happened every six months or a year, but we're seeing something back to back.
Wars, rumors of wars, tragic events in Texas, tragic events over the summer, we're seeing all these things, but it's not a long period of time anymore.
We're seeing it going back to back. And the Lord told me even today when I was driving around, He said, 'Brandon, watch during September.
Remember, I highlighted and I circled it to you, and it looked foggy.
It looked like there was something on September.'He said, 'Watch September.
Pray over September.'I'm like, 'You got my attention. What about September, Father?
We should pray over September.'And even going into 2026, you know, praying over...
We've got what, seven months now left of this year. And look at all the things that have happened with war and rumors of wars.
Oh, and then the BRICS. Behind the scenes, just like the spirit of the Lord warned you, He told me, He said, 'Watch the BRICS.
They're devising a plan to come against the dollar.'And it's in the news.
It's all over the place. He said, 'They're devising a plan to come against the dollar.
Donald Trump has three and a half years left. These people are long-lifers.
They want to, after he's gone and he's done with his term... Their plan is, even after he's gone, they're not looking at a rapture.
They're looking at world dominance.'And most people focus on the end times, thinking about what's going to happen after Donald Trump's done in the next three and a half years.
What's going to happen after that? I told you they had a handful of cards, and He wants all of Ukraine and He wants all of Poland in the days ahead. Watch.
He has a world takeover plan to line up with Cuba, Venezuela, Iran, North Korea, and bring them into the BRICS and bring in parts of Africa, and they have a plan.
And the Lord showed me, and you saw them, I believe they were in Brazil.
Correct me if I'm wrong in the comment section, but I believe they're in Brazil.
And they had this huge meeting there, and they're all united.
And I'm telling you all, I saw major fronts of them creating a new...
trying to be a strong BRICS nation to come against the western boot. I kept hearing it in the spirit.
They said, "We don't want to be underneath the Western boot anymore.
We are going to become the world's superpower with the BRICS nations."And I could hear them in meetings.
The Lord allows me to go in the spirit; I hear them talking. And the Lord said, "This is what's being said.
You must pray."The Western influence was shrinking, and I saw Canada in desperate need in the days ahead.
I saw a great financial crisis coming to certain sectors of Canada.
They won't be able to sustain it. I saw them trying to leave Canada and come to America to be a part. And then Mexico.
I saw Mexico trying to be a part because it all became one, not with borders of not being able to cross like that. It was borders, but it was financial borders.
So you're seeing part of the future ahead with the plagues and the things the Lord shows me, and we're seeing it all come to pass so quickly—so quickly because time is becoming shorter.
Jesus Christ is coming; He's standing at the door. Watch what happens in the acceleration in September.
You'll look back this time next year and you'll pinch yourself and go, "Look at all the change."The Lord told me, He said, "You won't recognize things this time next year because of how much things will accelerate even in the next year going into midterm.
You're going to go, 'My goodness, look at all the things. Look at how much has changed so far in the last six months.'"Amazing.
So, are we still here? I want to make sure because I forget I'm live and I'm just talking.
This is me—usually what I do with my normal videos, and then Braden edits them down, makes them not like I'm talking rambling.
So, let's pray together. Who wants to go tubing? Does anybody want to pray?
Let's see if the Lord has anything to show us today. Maybe not.
Maybe. There's no pressure; it's just flowing with Him. He's the potter; we're the clay.
But I want to bring my supply today. Father, I thank You, Lord, for Your body that was broken for us.
Every single one of these people today are believing for something.
Lord, nothing's too big and nothing's too small with You. You said You provided for all of it.
No matter how big they may see their circumstances, like, "This is impossible.
I can't keep going this way,"it's like treading water, and you keep bobbing, and you feel like you're not going to get your next breath.
I can't keep going on this way. But I'm telling you today, there's hope.
There's wind underneath your wings. There's wind in your sail.
It's time to believe that God's going to show up and show off and do something miraculous in your life today, whether it's spiritually, physically, or financially.
I believe that there's always an expiration date to the problem that you're going through.
You may think in your life, "This is never going to change,"but it started one day. All the trouble started. You weren't born like that.
Maybe you were, but some of these circumstances just abruptly happened, and they're going to abruptly stop happening is what I'm trying to say.
I believe that today is the day for your turnaround in your finances.
The Lord told me, He said, "The window of opportunity that you're seeing right here is about to close, for the rocket ship is about to take off."You had years of preparation since 2018.
I've warned you about certain things. And as of this time, you're seeing those days of preparation are no more.
It's actually going to be the event. The event is here. So many people say, "Was your boat ready?
Do you have your boat ready? Are you ready for what's coming?"A great harvest preparing spiritually.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for Your body that was broken for us.
And in that expiration date that we're believing for today, today we see a change in our circumstances.
Our marriages are getting stronger today. Our households are financially provided for today.
Father, I thank You. You said in Your word that whatsoever a man sows, that will he also reap.
And Father, we have some bad seeds in the ground—some of us do.
And Lord, we ask for a crop failure over those bad seeds. We repent over the bad seeds we've sowed.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that You would have mercy on the bad seeds.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, that we don't reap back a 30, 60, and 100-fold return on those bad seeds.
And I thank You, Lord, for mercy today. Father, we ask You for mercy.
We repent and we turn from our wicked ways. Lord, today we make a change in the way we think.
Today we make a change in the way we believe. We say we're all in.
And Lord, You said the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that we help You in whatever way we can to bring in this harvest for You.
Now, Father, we thank You for Your body that was broken for every single one of us to walk in health, healing, and wholeness.
Father, You said in Your word that we're redeemed from the curse of the law according to Galatians 3.
"Christ has redeemed me from the curse of the law."And we receive this body in the name of Jesus.
And we thank You, Lord, that we're healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus. Right now, we receive it.
"I'm no longer sick because You said You became sickness for me."And we take it in the name of Jesus.
Now, Lord, we lift up the blood and we make much of the blood today.
Father, I thank You, Lord, we make much of the blood and the blood will make much of us.
I thank You, Lord, that we plead the blood over every single one of us, that we're always in the right place at the right time, hearing what You have for us.
Father, I thank You, Lord, we hear Your voice, and a stranger's voice we will not follow. And Father, we lift up this blood before You.
We thank You, Lord, that You died, You rose again on the third day, You're seated at the right hand of the Father making intercession for us.
And we thank You, Lord, that You're praying for us right now. We repent of our sins. We repent of our sins, Lord.
And we thank You, Lord, that we're redeemed from sin and disease and poverty, lack, not enough, barely getting by—we're redeemed from it in the name of Jesus.
And we thank You, Lord, for the blood that covers us from the top of our head to the soles of our feet.
We plead the blood over our finances, over our marriages, over our children, over our households, over our cars, whatever we have.
We plead the blood. We thank You, Lord, that no weapon formed against us is going to prosper. Every tongue that rises against us, Lord, we condemn it.
A thousand shall fall at our side and 10,000 at our right hand, but nothing shall come nigh us. We thank You, Lord, that we have a covenant with You.
And You said, Lord, that You provide Your angels to bear us up in their hands, lest we dash our foot against a stone.
We've got big angels—they're not wimpy angels that are barely getting by.
They're warring angels, warring on behalf of the righteous, protecting us.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for those mighty warring angels that are around and about us right now in the name of Jesus.
Thank You, Lord, that we are in the right place at the right time, that we hear You. If You say, "Hey, there's a rainstorm coming.
There's a flood coming, like what happened in Texas,"we're never going to be in the wrong place at the wrong time.
We're going to get out of here, run like it was for Lot. You warned them ahead of time.
We intercede for our loved ones, just like Abraham interceded for Lot. He was almost in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Help us to be sensitive to Your voice to hear You, Lord, for many people will go home early if they're not listening.
As we have seen, we must hear Him. We must hear him. Father, I thank you, Lord, that we always hear you.
And I thank you, Lord. We pray for the families that are grieving tonight.
We pray for the families that are hurting tonight. And I thank you, Lord, that they find you in the midst of the storm. They run to you in the midst of the storm.
Many probably are upset at you and blaming you and saying, "Oh, curse the Lord,"and all the things they want to say because they're hurting and they're grieving.
But Father, in the midst of the darkest hour, Father, I thank you, Lord, that you become lighter and lighter to them and their heart is filled with peace and joy, knowing that they're on the other side waiting on them if they know you.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we find you, we know you, we hear you, and we abide in you.
And you said, "If ye abide in me, if my words remain in you, ask what you will, and it shall be done."And we thank you, Lord, for the blood tonight, Father, that covers us, every single one of us, in these dark days ahead, the blood covers us in Jesus'name.
Thank you, Lord. Now, I do that all the time, praying over my family, praying over our finances.
And that's just what we do. I think it's important that you do that.
Now, people say, "I don't agree."That's fine, don't do it. But I'm going to, you know, and there's fruit.
I believe there's fruit. He protects those that he loves. I believe it.
He's going to protect you. Believe it today when we see disaster happen.
And you say, "Why are the little girls going...?"Always stay on God's side. I don't know why.
I know the Bible says the enemy comes, and he's a thief, and he comes to kill, steal, and destroy.
That's what I know. God comes that we might have life, and life more abundantly. Yes.
So regardless if I understand, regardless of what happens, I always stay on God's side, and I go, "God, thank you.
You're so good."Regardless if I understand why all this happened, why these people...
People always say, "Why did God do that?"God didn't do it. God doesn't kill.
God doesn't steal, and he doesn't destroy. God is a good God and the devil's a bad devil.
It's the devil that does this. Now, it's our choice if we apply the blood and we open the door.
Now, if we open the door to sin, ladies and gentlemen, you open the door and you've got open doors.
The devil comes in like a roaring lion seeking whom he may devour. Who is he not able to devour?
The ones that are underneath the blood and understand their covenant.
I believe that he gives power and authority to tread on serpents and scorpions, and nothing shall by any means hurt you.
You have to believe it, though, and you have to have that inside your heart.
It doesn't come by only saying it one time and quoting Psalms 91 one time.
It says faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.
And the only way you're going to get ahead in these last days is having a change from the inside out, getting this word of God foundation and this priority, putting it in your eyes and renewing your mind and going from glory to glory.
Psalms 91 is what you have to live by and say, and even if you see something bad happen, I stay on God's side just like Job.
Father, I thank you. "Though you slay me,"like he said, "yet will I praise you."And it wasn't him.
I'm just saying Job opened the door. God is a good God. The devil is a bad devil.
It's like Oral Roberts used to say, "Don't walk in fear, and don't do things out of fear.
Fear tolerated is faith contaminated."You've got to walk in faith and say, "Father, regardless, I thank you, Lord, today.
You're good. I believe you're a rewarder of those that diligently seek you. You have a plan for my life.
I know, Father, regardless of the signs of the times and the circumstances, even if I miss it, what the devil meant for bad, God, you're going to turn it around for good in my favor today.
But I'm always going to stay on the right side and know that God is a good God."So that's what you have to stay.
Even whenever you see bad things happen to good people, God's a good God. I refuse to sit there and let my mind go there.
You go, "Oh, why did that happen to so many little girls?"I refuse to let my mind go there.
God's a good God. The devil's a bad devil. And the devil comes to kill, steal, and destroy.
God came that we might have life, and life more abundantly. Open doors happen.
Things happen. We live in a fallen world. But I refuse to say things that get in my mouth.
People say in their heart all the time, I see it. I've seen the videos, people blaming the Lord for it.
That's foolishness. I'm not going to go there and say that. You've got to know we live in a fallen world.
Bad things happen. Things happen. We plead the blood, though, and we keep standing when all else there is to do is stand.
Stand therefore. That's what you have to do. Because I'm telling you, you see storms.
Storms happen. I don't know who that was for, but I'm trying to help somebody.
And it's just in my heart to say that, to lift your head up in these dark hours. It's not time to get down.
It's time to be happy and be excited because our redeemer is coming and the greatest harvest of souls, the greatest outpouring.
I'm telling you, I've seen a plague. I've seen a plague that kills hundreds of millions of people.
And there'll be good ones to go, and there'll be bad ones to go if this plague happens the way I saw it.
And it's just the facts. It's what I've seen. And people go, "Why can't you stop some of this, Brandon?
Some of these things are going to happen."He said, "There'll be plagues.
There'll be wars. There'll be rumors of wars. There's going to be famines.
This is the beginning of sorrows."Are we in the end times or not?
This is the beginning of sorrows. We're going to see some things.
But I believe as for me and my house, we are going to stay on the right side of him, be protected.
And if not, to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
You know, I'm not going to get in there. It's just stinking thinking.
So, Father, we just lift up this prayer time before you, Father.
We just come before you boldly tonight, Father. We thank you, Lord.
We lift up every single person who's needing something, Father.
And we just thank you, Lord, they're healed and whole and well in the mighty name of Jesus.
God is a good God. God is a good God and the devil's a bad devil.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, for your goodness and your mercy is going to follow us all the days of our life, and we dwell in the house of the Lord forever.
You prepare a table before me in the presence of all my enemies.
Thank you, Lord. My cup runneth over today. We're going from glory to glory.
He's changing us, changing us, changing us from likeness and image to perfecting me, the love of God shown to the world.
For he's changing, he's changing me from earthly things to the heavenlies.
His likeness and image to perfecting me, the love of God shown to the world.
From glory to glory, he's changing me, changing me, changing me, his likeness and image to perfecting me, the love of God shown to the world, for he's changing, he's changing me from earthly things to the heavenlies.
Father, we just thank you, Lord, that you're changing us today.
You're making us more like you every single day, from glory to glory.
He's changing me, changing me, changing me, his likeness and image to perfecting me.
The love of God shown to the world. For he's changing me from earthly things to the heavenlies.
Thank you, Lord. Lord, we worship you today. For you are good and your mercy endures forever.
For the Lord, he is good and his mercy endures forever. Great is your faithfulness to us, Father, for all that you've done and all that you had to do.
From glory to glory, you're changing us in his likeness and image, to perfect in me the love of God shown to the world.
For he's changing. Do you believe it today? He's changing me from earthly things to the heavenlies.
Oh Father, we give you praise and glory. Oh Lord, we thank you for your grace.
I believe in miracles. I see a soul set free. Miraculous the change in one redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod. I believe in miracles for I believe in God.
I believe in miracles. I've seen a soul set free. Miraculous the change in one redeemed through Calvary.
The glorious church will arise for the greatest outpouring of the spirit of the Lord beyond all comprehension is about to take place.
The greatest manifestations and demonstrations. He saves the best for last.
Glory to God for an outpouring of the spirit of the Lord is standing at your door.
They come for I believe in miracles. I've seen a soul set free.
Miraculous. The change in one redeemed through Calvary. I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod.
I believe in miracles for I believe in God. Do you believe it today?
There's glory all around and all the sea must stand and all of miracles abound. There's healing flowing in your house right now.
Wherever you are, I feel it's coming through and the Lord, it's like a mist and I could see it, and it's going in your house right now and it's delivering you from the things that are binding you.
Sing it. Sing with your heart. Do you believe in miracles? I've seen a soul set free.
Miraculous the change in one redeemed through Calvary. I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod.
I believe in miracles for I believe in God. I believe, Lord, where I lack.
Father Lord, I believe, but help my unbelief. I'm telling you, I see the glory.
I see the old become the new, the old generation. All of them, they're the great cloud of witnesses.
We're the closers. There's so much of our family that are watching over right now.
They're watching and we're closing this thing up. I see the river and I see the well at ORU again.
And I see Oral Roberts drinking from that well. I see it right there.
And Kenneth Hagin and all the greats that have passed on before, they're drinking their little cup, but the Lord said, 'It's time to go to the depth of the well.
It's time to taste and see that the Lord is good in your life today. Taste and see that the Lord is good.
He came to set the captives free, to bring sight to the blind, for his yoke is easy and his burden is light.
Come unto me and I will give you rest. Take my yoke upon you.'We were singing that song two nights ago.
'I am weak and lonely and my burden's light. Take my yoke upon you.'Oh Father, come unto me.
I feel his presence so strong right now. Glory to God that he wants to come and visit us.
I just sit there. Father, I love you and we worship you today. He's so real to me.
Most people I look at say the supernatural is more real to me than the natural.
You say, 'Well, good for you, Brendan.'No, he wants to have that with you.
You just have to sit at his feet. How hungry, how desperate, how bad do you want change in your life?
Are you fed up with your circumstances? That's where he's at. At the place of surrender, of just selling out for Jesus.
He told me, he said, 'Brandon, I need more of you.'That's part of what I saw.
I saw the beautiful purples in the trees. I see lavender. I could see the beautiful colors. And he was talking to me about the end times.
And it sounds so out there, but I was looking at the beautiful trees and I was looking in the field the other day and I could see the purple and I could see the lavenders.
I could see all the colors and he was talking about the supernatural and it's the way he talks to me, and he loves colors, fragrance.
It's being intimate with him. Having an intimacy with God. I read George Washington Carver's book, The Man Who Talked to the Flowers.
And I longed for that when he said, 'Dear Creator...'He talked to the peanut.
And I thought, 'Lord, if you do that with him, you'll do it with me.
You're no respecter of persons, but you are a respecter of faith and those that pursue you.
How hard, how bad, how desperate are you for change in your life?'And so I set out to it and I said, 'Lord, I set out to do this.
I'm going to fast something every other day.'And I set out for that for a long time.
I did that for years seeking him. But I always keep the main thing the main thing.
Keeping him first. All this stuff. It's not about works. Your self-righteousness is as filthy rags.
No matter how much you try to impress him, you're never going to impress him.
'Oh, you did it. Let me give you an applause.'No, it's all about him. It's his grace on my stinkiness.
Thank you, Father, that you look past all of it by your blood when I take communion.
No matter how messed up I come to you, just as I am without one plea, that blood was shed for me.
Thank you, Lord. I pass all my issues and I come in by your blood.
That's why I take communion all the time because I'm flawed. I'm messed up without it.
And without his grace, without his blood, I say, 'Lord, I just want to be more.
I want to come up higher. I want to sit on your floor. I mean, I don't care.'You know what I'm saying?
'I'll be the janitor up there next to you, Lord. Whatever it has to be, I just want to sit with you a while.
If I could just sit with you a while for that one touch, that one moment.'That's why I go to Billy Burke meetings.
When the presence of the Lord shows up, it changes your life forever.
And then when you sow into something like that financially, whatever, I go, 'My goodness, if I could just give the shirt off my back to help it because it's beautiful.'It's not them, it's him.
When you recognize authentic, when you get around authentic... Many people are just looking for authentic there.
You go to church and you listen to all the stuff and you go, 'Where are you at in the midst of any of this?
You're a thousand miles away,'as it feels like. But whenever you just sit with him a while, that one time, that one experience changes you forever.
We had a friend, she emailed Diana, and she went to the Billy Burke meeting.
And she had a problem with her esophagus. And she couldn't swallow and all these things.
Well, she was overcoming big time like having to go to the doctor all the time and go under anesthesia and get her throat stretched.
So she went to the Billy Burke meeting from a long ways, but she came so late because the traffic was so bad and she thought, 'If I could just have that one touch for one second, that one second from Jesus, that's all I need.'And that's why she kept coming even when she was so late.
Well, she went to the meeting, and the spirit of the Lord spoke to Billy, I guess, and of course, he called her out, not even knowing her circumstance, and prayed over her, prophesied over her, and she was miraculously healed by the power of God.
Out of all these times you suffer with something for so long, there's an expiration date to it.
I just believe if we can just get underneath the glory and sit with him a while every single day, it's the glory from glory to glory who's changing you.
And without that touch, without that visitation, we're never going to get the yoke and burden removed, yoke-destroying power out of those—that's what sets us free.
But it's that burden on you, the things that are holding you down, that you have to have the glory to get... He came to set the captives free.
And that's why I want to bring you to a place every time we do these videos, and I try to tap into that river because I know that it can go through this camera and visit you right where you are, even in a livestream, and you may be down, ready to end it all, and you just get a glimmer of hope, going, "Man, what is this guy talking about?"because I believe in it that much, because it's happened to me.
I was so down and I was so broken, and there was a man named Ronald, and he was a missionary, and he came when I was ready to end it all, ready to go off a bridge, and I thought, "If I don't get a touch today..."because I'm so desperate for it because of how dark my circumstances were, that there's nothing else to live for.
"I need a touch from Jesus."So, I went to this church in Crescent, Oklahoma, and the man of God called me out, and it gave me hope.
And I know I've told this story before, but I just feel there's somebody tonight that is believing for hope.
And Jesus wants to meet you right where you are, even in your house, your car, your living room, wherever you might be, in your bedroom, wherever you're watching this.
And Jesus wants to meet you right at the point of your need. He loves you, and he has died for you, and he rose again on the third day.
He suffered and he died that you might live in victory today.
But all you have to do is reach out to him, like the woman with the issue of blood.
She spent all she had, but she grew worse, but she said to herself, "If I can touch but his hem, I can be whole."Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, today, and forever.
And if he would allow that to happen back then, and it happened for her, he'll do it again, and he'll do it again, and he'll do it again.
He is no respecter of persons if you just reach out by faith and grab a hold of that hem of his garment and say, "Lord, I am here and I need a touch from you today. I'm desperate for it. I can't keep going on this way.
I can't keep living like this."Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're meeting them right now at the point of their need, that every single person who's here that needs hope, you're their hope, that you've come to set the captives free tonight.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that peace that passes all understanding is flooding their house, flooding their car, wherever they are watching this.
The peace that passes all understanding is ministering to them right now today, giving them a fresh and anew.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that nothing's too big and nothing's too small. Jesus paid the price for it all.
Father, we love you, Lord, and we lift up all our circumstances, all our needs, and you said you supply all of them, and we give you all the glory for that right now.
Now, you may be watching this today and you say, "Brandon, I don't even—I'm not even a born-again Christian.
I don't even know Jesus. But I watch this and it sounds awesome, and I'm so broken and I'm so burned out, and I'm on drugs.
I'm strung out on pornography. My wife and I are fighting all the time. Whatever it may be.
I drink a six-pack of beer every couple of hours or whatever, I don't know, and I'm at the end of my rope, but I want Jesus Christ to be my Lord and personal Savior today.
Could you please help me?"You came to the right place. We want to say a prayer right with you right now, and we want to lead you in.
It's called the sinner's prayer, and you say this and you accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior.
Because I'm telling you, you came here not by coincidence, but because God had a purpose for your life tonight.
And he's wanting to—he's out there and he's extending his lifeline to you, saying, "Will you accept me today?
Will you surrender yourself to me today and let me take care of it?
You can't do it, but I can."He says, "You don't have a way to fix it, but I do."He says, "Come unto me, all ye that are heavy laden, and I'll give you rest."So, I want you to say this prayer with me right now.
I want you to say it and say it with your whole heart, because the Bible says with the heart confession is made unto salvation.
And today is your day to come out of the devil's hell. Hell was made for the devil; it wasn't made for you.
So I want you to say this prayer with me. Say, "Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died on the cross, and you rose again on the third day.
I'm asking you to forgive me of my sins. I'm a sinner, and I need a Savior.
Forgive me of my sins. Cleanse me from all of it. Wash me from all that stuff that I've been doing.
I don't want to do it anymore, but I need you and I need help. Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
I surrender my life to you tonight, Lord. I make you my Lord and personal Savior.
Cleanse me from all the unrighteousness. Wash me anew today. Thank you, Lord.
I thank you, Lord, that you forgive me, because you said in your word, 'If I confess my sins, you are faithful and just to forgive me of my sins and cleanse me from all unrighteousness.'Today, I'm saved.
Today, I'm born again."I believe that's all it takes. That's all it takes.
I believe as you say that prayer with me right now, I believe the angels in heaven are rejoicing.
I believe they're giving a big old party and they're celebrating right now.
Now, if you just gave your heart to Jesus Christ, comment in the comment section right now so we can rejoice with you if you just gave your heart to Jesus Christ.
If not, write us, send an email, and say, "Hey, I just became born again.
What do I do next?"Now, let me tell you what you do next. You find a Bible.
You start reading that Bible every single day. Find a Bible you can understand.
Go to a church that teaches the word of God, that's a good church, and tell that pastor—like Glorious Church Fellowship, where we go to church.
We go to pastors Sharon and Candace Brim there—that you can go to the church there, someplace like that, or maybe like Billy Joe Daugherty's son, Victory in Tulsa, places like that.
Find good churches in your local area, Bible-believing churches that will teach you the word of God, and tell them, "I got born again watching a YouTube video, and I need to be water baptized.
Can you help me?"And I'm telling you they'll help you. Get water baptized, read your Bible every day, pray, volunteer at the church, do whatever you've got to do to get plugged in there, and the word will change you from the inside out.
Now, if you fall down tomorrow and you say, "Well, I messed up,"the devil instantaneously tries to come and steal the word.
See, you ain't saved. You just messed up again. You fell again.
No, I'm saved. I'm just dealing with some of the kinks in the hose.
It's all going to be okay here. Brush your knees off. Brush your elbows off, you feel?
And keep on marching. Keep on marching, soldier. Say, "I'm not you.
My sin is none of your business. When I mess up, it's none of your business.
You don't run from God when you sin; you run to God. When you confessed your sin is not whenever God found out about it.
That's not when, well, you know, I didn't know. Jesus says, 'You know, he did that.'No, they already knew.
That's when you got rid of it. That's when you got rid of it. When you confessed it and you repented of it is when you got rid of it."So that's when you got rid of it.
Today, you got rid of it. And if you mess up tomorrow, you just keep going underneath it and say, "Lord, forgive me. I need help with that.
Thank you, Lord, that you make me stronger."And you get in the Word and you find scriptures that pertain to what you're going through.
You say, "Well, I need help with this and that."Find it, read it, and meditate, and the Word will change you from the inside out.
You've got to get that Word down inside of your spirit, and the Word will change you from the inside out—the Word.
He said he came to set the captives free, but the only way you're going to get free is by the Word.
I don't care how many times you pray over something, the only thing that's ever going to set you free is the Word of God—the Word and having communion with Him, fellowship with Him.
Well, Diana and I will send you a Bible. I forgot that part. Yes. Sorry. I was going to remind you. Thank you, baby.
If you are here and you can't afford a Bible, you say, "Brandon, I'm barely making it from paycheck to paycheck. I've been struggling."You just got born again.
You're saying, "I would love to have a Bible."Diana and I will send you a Bible for free off of Amazon or whatever it may be, and we'll send it to you. Now, Diana, you finished the rest. Yes.
So just go in the description and find our email and then just put "I can't afford a Bible"in the subject line so that way it catches my attention, and then put your address in there.
If you have a specific translation that you know, otherwise we usually just send the New King James, and then we'll get that in the mail to you.
We'll never contact you again. This address is only to be used this one time just to get the Bible in your hands.
Yes. We just want to celebrate with you and your decision today. And we do this to be a blessing because it's our ministry.
We love to help people that can't afford things because, I'm telling you, we've been there.
And whenever you are on your last $5 for something, you're thinking, "How am I going to even get milk for the kids?"Hey, it's okay.
I've been there. I want to help you. Let me help you with a Bible.
And it's just our thing, just saying we're excited about you accepting Jesus at our ministry today, getting Jesus in your heart.
So, glory to God. Hallelujah. I feel the Holy Spirit so strong.
Yes. It's beautiful. It's an exciting day. Yeah. So, glory to God.
Well, I don't know. How long have we been doing this now? An hour and 36 minutes.
How many people are watching? 45. There's quite a few. Well, the Lord was in that vision right then.
All that He wanted to talk about was the wells again. And the people, I'm telling you, I saw the wells of revival at ORU again.
I saw the wells of revival around the youth. I'm telling you, God is about to do something.
It's going to be amazing on college campuses—even more, a great harvest of souls, a great outpouring.
And it's amazing because it's always centered around every time I see these visions around ORU and that street, Lewis Avenue or Lewis, whatever that street is right there, I think.
Yeah, Lewis. And I see a major move of God on Lewis. Every time, it's Lewis, baby.
It has to be. ORU is on Lewis. Father, we just worship You tonight. Glory to God.
Not saying He's not going to visit anywhere else, that's just where I'm seeing it.
I just see it. He's going to pour out His Spirit upon all of us.
It's this, our area where we drive around and pray, and the Lord is always showing it.
Not saying it's not going to be in your area. "Well, I don't live there."No, He's going to do it at your house, too.
Yes, you just got to believe it. I just saturate that area in prayer a lot. He showed you a casino. He showed me casinos in Las Vegas.
Yeah, I saw people falling out in the casino at the slot machines, and the glory of the Lord showed up in the casino and people were crawling out because the glory showed up.
And they were holding meetings in the casino in a room they rented, and the glory of the Lord showed up.
And I'm telling you all, that's the kind of thing. Lord, God's coming to get the lost sheep in the back field.
It's not just the church; He's talking about the ones that are so far in the back field.
And He's going, "Brandon, I want the person, the prostitute, the stripper.
I want the pimp, whoever it may be—the Crips, the Bloods. I want them.
I want them born again."Do you understand, ladies and gentlemen?
This revival is not always going to be in the four walls of the church.
It's going to be spreading throughout the whole area, and everybody's going to be going, "I was just down on the street in St.
Louis, Missouri, and I prayed for this lady and she got healed, and a glory explosion happened."It's awesome.
I've seen it. It's exciting. And it's time to believe God for what's coming, just to receive it.
Getting ready, having your antenna up, your lamp's full, keeping that antenna in tune—just like no static, the radio station's clean.
Hallelujah. Father, we thank you, Lord. I'm seeing right now, I just saw that earthquake again.
I'm outside of Oregon. I'm outside of Oregon in that water again.
Memorial. Yeah, I see it. I see British Columbia. Well, He's talking about the water.
He's talking about the water. What is underneath the water?
What's underneath the water in the Pacific Ocean? I see Japan again.
It's highlighted all over. Remember what He said about China.
Remember what He said about China. And what did He say about China?
"I saw a great shaking of the finances in China, a desperation that will come on them in the days ahead."A great shaking on China, a changing of things, a great distraction there.
I see the military doing things. I see Xi Jinping. Do you see him, that man, Braden? Am I saying his name right?
I see a changing coming, a changing coming with the finances, a desperation again.
It's about the culture being—it's they're about honor. And in this window, there will be a great revival.
And in this window, God is providing a window, distraction, and there will be a flow.
They'll try to come again. I see it trying to persecute the underground church.
But in this, there will be a falling. In this, I see a window of opportunity and the glory of the Lord.
I see Buddhists coming to Jesus. I see the Buddhists coming to Jesus—a great surrender.
No, the monks. I see them. There's a great surrender. And these men, I see men with tears running down their faces.
The presence of the Lord. Glory to God. A shaking in China. Oh, no.
But it starts—it's about their finances. I keep seeing the finances.
It starts small and you can see it just like a little circle, and it starts to spread out like a ripple.
Yeah, like a ripple. But it's more so, like, who's in charge?
I see key faces right now. I see—I'm looking at these key faces in China.
Who's the right man for the job? But saving face, humiliating the honor...
I wish I could explain a vision in full detail, like that word—that word just right then is nothing of what I'm seeing.
It sounds like just a couple of little words, of course it is, but it's like an onion that has layers.
I see into it. I see flags. I see structures. I see buildings.
I see things that were of great respect and honor to them, to the Asian culture.
Do you see what it represents to them? And I see dust. I see buildings being shaken.
I see dust coming up from these buildings as they are shaken.
Old ways of thinking, old systems are being shaken. Old structures of how we do things are being shaken.
Tradition—that's the word, tradition. Tradition is being shaken.
And He said, 'This is not just about China. This is all from sea to sea.
You're going to see it in Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, the Philippines.
You're going to see it in North Korea. There's a change, there's a shifting.
I'm telling you, the Lord is pulling at the Asians'hearts. Asia, Vietnam. The Lord said, 'Don't forget Vietnam.
Don't forget I see Vietnam, Thailand.'Formidable is what's going on in the Ring of Fire.
A great shaking, a great, greater escalation. And this is what's happening in the natural, but it's happening in the spiritual.
A great shaking is coming to Asia, a great shaking. And it's a type and shadow of what's happening in the natural; it's happening in a great revival.
And they're both shaking. It's happening in the natural, but what is being birthed in the natural is going to happen in the spiritual.
A major move of God is coming to Asia. You're going to see shaking, shaking, shaking.
I hear the Spirit of the Lord say in Asia, 'It's the fruit, it's the fruit.'You're seeing the shaking, and it's going to be a shaking in the spirit.
We're going to get... this is part of the great harvest. You're seeing the birthing pains as the land shakes, and the seas and the oceans shake.
Tsunamis, a tsunami of His presence, the tsunami of His glory shaking to awaken, opening the door for a window of opportunity to get these people.
The iron curtain's coming down. An opportunity, it's like a crack.
You go in it and bring in the harvest, bring in the harvest, bringing in the harvest for the Lord.
I'm seeing Russia right now. I see Russia highlighted right now, and a great harvest of souls is coming into Russia.
I see Putin is highlighted. I see Putin. I'm saying a great harvest of souls is coming in Russia with all this war and all this stuff.
I see Ukraine, all this stuff going on. A great revival is coming, and the people...
I'm telling you all, this is going to be wonderful. Glory to God!
Hallelujah! Hallelujah! Glory to God! Glory to God!, and it's not just about man.
The Lord said, 'I'm pouring out on all flesh.'You're going to see your sons and your daughters prophesy.
You're going to see your old men dream dreams. You're going to see all these things.
People say, 'Well, the women...'I'm telling you, I see an outpouring of the Spirit of the Lord on women in a major, major, major move of God on every tribe and every tongue.
He's breaking down the walls. He's breaking down the walls separating people like Pharisees.
He said, 'Brandon, I'm going to use everybody.'It's all hands on deck.
This is a time like never before. You're going to see all hands on deck.
You're going to see a great, great move of God. Oh Lord, I'm excited!
'What a day of rejoicing that will be, when we all see Jesus, we'll sing and shout the victory, when we all get to heaven, what a day of rejoicing that will be.'I'm so excited.
Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord. We're expecting, Lord. We're expecting, Father.
All throughout South America, all throughout Mexico, all throughout the islands.
Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord, for your harvest. Glory to God!
Hallelujah! Well, praise the Lord. I enjoyed this prayer tonight.
I believe we still have a crowd that wants to pray, but I'm done today.
I think I felt the release. Glory to God! Did you enjoy this video, this livestream with us tonight?
It's about harvest. His heart is the harvest. He's pulling, I can feel it.
He's going after the lost. We're running out of time. It's getting late here.
I hope you enjoyed the video tonight, far and all around the world.
Thank you for joining us tonight. We pray this richly blessed you.
We thank you for joining us. We prayed for almost two hours, right? Yep. And I'm 58.
Thank you for praying for my family, thank you for always being so kind to us. We really truly appreciate it. It's all about Jesus.
It's exciting to be a part of this end-time harvest, to be a part of what Jesus is doing in these last days.
And He's calling for the last of the last. We're the closers, ladies and gentlemen.
And Jesus is using us, and we're the closers. We're going to see the coming of the Lord.
This generation will not taste death. I truly believe we are going to be the closers of all of it.
And He saved the best for last; He saved us. We're going to start seeing a lot of the elders go home.
The Lord told me, He said, 'Brandon, you're going to start seeing a transfer.'Well, if you could, and you're new here, please subscribe.
We're believing for a million men and women prayer army to reach the lost for Jesus.
And if you want to be a part of our prayer team here, we appreciate it.
Click the notification bell, click the like button, click the thumbs up, say something nice down below.
Be excited that you're here being a part of this. I believe we're changing things as we pray as a group, for many hands make light work.
You don't have to be off being a Rambo or a Navy SEAL by yourself.
We're an army of thousands as we pray together, and we are getting the job done, all to the glory of God, and we're excited.
I know that probably my visions weren't about disaster tonight; it was about the harvest tonight, and He's calling forth the harvest, and that was what His heart was.
It's interesting because usually I'm on here telling you what's coming about darkness, but the Lord said, 'Brandon, I want you to focus on the lost.'We're running out of time.
Let's get this thing done, and we're closing this thing up, I believe, soon.
Who knows? It could be a couple of years. All I know is that I'm looking for Him.
So subscribe, click the notification bell. Thank you for joining us.
Yes, we love you. We appreciate every one of you. If all hearts are clear, then we'll say the prayer to close it.
This is my thing that I put on my face because it's cold and I like it.
Diana got me this. It rolls out the wrinkles. I need it because it rolls out the wrinkles. I thought if it gets hot, maybe it would steam it.
If your steamer rolls out wrinkles, but this is cold, it depuffs my face because my face gets puffy.
So, it's like all hearts are clear. I got my little roller. I'm rolling my eyes.
I got a green one, too. It's cool. It's cooling on the face. I wonder what that is.
Oh, it's transparent. I got one that's green; it's transparent.
What? But this one's my favorite because it's cold on my eyes.
Oh man, they're laughing. They're laughing at you. Russia, huh?
That was cool. You saw Russia? Yeah. I don't ever see Russia very often other than war stuff.
Yeah. And tonight was about the harvest. And I saw in that vision right then—I'll tell you a little bit of what I saw.
Usually I save that for the next video because it helps me instead of just—it gives you something to listen to.
But in that vision, I saw men in blue jackets, and I saw them bowing down and worshiping the Lord.
I saw blue jeans, I saw a blue jacket, and I saw a white t-shirt, and they were running towards this church.
I saw these people and they were in Russia, and I saw revival.
I saw it happening in the streets in Russia, and that was part of the vision.
Now in China, I saw a shaking coming to their government. I saw great shaking coming to Xi Jinping, to the government of China.
Great shaking was coming to China tonight. And I could see the shaking of all this was going on.
The Ring of Fire was a type and shadow of what's happening in the spirit realm because a great revival is about to break out in Asia.
And it wasn't just about China. It was about all of Japan. A major revival is coming to Japan.
A major revival is coming to Taiwan. But the Lord said, "A shaking to awaken."This is part of the shaking to awaken.
But what is interesting too is that as I was looking over in that area, I was looking at Portland, Oregon.
A shaking—a major earthquake and things outside of the ocean—a revival will happen in Oregon, Seattle, and British Columbia.
A major revival is coming to these areas. And the Lord was showing me the shaking that's about to take place is to awaken, and a major revival is coming to these areas.
California, these areas—these people need revival even more.
And the Lord is showing me. He said, "Brandon, I'm telling you, He's going to visit. He's going to the most unruly, unholy places.
You're going to say, 'Lord...'He said, 'Brandon, I'm going after the darkest of the dark.
Watch what I do in these last days.'"Praise God. It's not about the church as well.
We've been fasting and praying, brother, and we're going to have a revival because we're set apart even more.
I'm telling you, He's going into the most unholy places. And you're going to go, "Are you kidding me?"Watch what God does.
An explosion of God's grace. An explosion of God's grace. Watch what He does.
But a shaking to awaken is going to get their attention, and they're going to see fearful sights that will bring them to their knees.
And I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen, you're going to see a move of God in the most unlikely places of what you would have thought.
"Well, it's going to happen at this church because, you know, of course."No, I'm telling you, get ready for the most unlikely places.
Hallelujah. It's exciting. I really, truly, I'm telling you, it's exciting.
A lot of people got saved. Was there? Yeah, 3% weren't saved or something like that.
Praise God. Three? Well, praise God, I'm excited they're here.
Isn't that wonderful? Rejoicing. Isn't Jesus wonderful? He is so wonderful.
They're saying pray for flooding in Mexico. Yeah, they're seeding those storms.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that these people stop doing this.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that this stops seeding these storms like that.
Thank You, Father, that they're exposed and this stops. But I'm telling you, it's part of the end times.
Somebody's asking for Mel Gibson. Father, again, we lift up Mel Gibson before You, Father.
And we thank You, Lord. Mel Gibson creates the greatest movie of any generation we've ever seen.
And I thank You, Father. Well, we've only been so many generations of movies, but I'm saying any decade.
There you go, any decade of movie we've ever seen before. And I thank You, Father, that it will be a movie that reaches the lost.
And I thank You, Lord, that he's covered by the blood. And Father, I thank You, Lord, that he has the funding to get it done.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, that Mel Gibson is writing the script.
And the actors are going to be the best, his CGI is the best, all that he needs to get the job done to bring in this last harvest to help with his part.
And we thank You, Lord, that he's uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
And I thank You that he has peace tonight, right now, even as he sleeps.
And I give You all the glory, honor, and praise for it. Amen. And amen.
Amen. Over Mel Gibson. Well, that's good enough for today. Thank you for joining us today.
God bless you all, and we'll see you again next time. Remember, what do we say?
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you so much and we love you. God bless you all and we'll see you again soon. Bye-bye.